This site is a WIP, contact me at jonwmcinerney@gmail.com if you are interested in helping out.

### What is this?
The main goal is to act as a resource for Boston trail runners to find and learn local trails.

### Comprehensive, but not bloated.
There are a lot of trails out there, and there are a hundred different ways to run them. We'll try to inform without overwhelming, striking a balance between asthetic, ease of navigation and interconnectedness. Most routes will be in the 5-10 mile range.

### Easy to use.
While I would love to stick to a model that embraces free software, at the end of the day we want to get people out on the trails. People use Strava, people use Google Maps. If we can offer up this data in easily useable formats then they're more likely to actually use it.

### How can I contribute?
This site is statically generated by [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/) via markup files using the [pickles](https://github.com/mismith0227/hugo_theme_pickles) theme. If you are interested in contributing check out the [boston-trails project](https://github.com/jmcinerney/boston-trails) on GitHub. Within the "content" folder you will find folders for towns (town), trail systems (loc) and day trips (trip) and within those will be markdown files. Markdown files follow a fairly simple format, for an example compare the [Lincoln page]( {{< relref "town/lincoln" >}}) with the [Lincoln markdown file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jmcinerney/boston-trails/master/content/town/lincoln.md).

### This will always be a non-profit site.
We will not promote or advertise for commercial groups. However, we may link to local non-profit organizations that take care of the trails that we enjoy so much!

### What are the current goals?
- Build out a few more towns with a good set of routes.
- Determine if the current design works for people.
- Add a few guides to loading GPX files onto a phone with different apps and for iPhone/Android.
- Create a skeleton for the other regions and compile basic data based off of publicly available conservation maps, DCR maps, any known routes, etc.
- Come up with a better front page? I'm thinking of an SVG map of the metro Boston area where clicking on a town takes you to that page. This might not be mobile friendly though.
- Continue to add content as fast as I or others can help contribute.
